Add initial PQ sizing doc (#15033)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/persistent-queues.asciidoc

first. 
See <<backpressure-persistent-queue>> for behavior when queue limits are
reached.
+
TIP: Calculating the queue size will vary depending on the use-case. As a general guiding
principle, you should consider the following formula to size your Persistent Queue

Total Event Size per second = Input EPS * Size of each Event
Total Received Per Hour = Total Event Size per Second * 3600s
Tolerated Downtime = (Total Received Per Hour * X hours) * 1.10

-----
EXAMPLE
For example, if Logstash receives 1000 EPS, and each event is 1kb, then Logstash receives about 3.6gb every hour.
So if Logstash needs to tolerate one of the downstream components being down for 12h, they need a Persistent Queue
of about 50GB in size.

> -----

Reviewer: wrt to the "1.10" factor, maybe we can add the table in https://gist.github.com/jsvd/760e3c80cb67427485656202b6e3dadd#json-documents about overhead on JSON documents.
This should help users know that ~1kb docs can have an overhead of about 20%, ~6.5kb docs will be about 10% overhead, and ~60kb documents have a 1% overhead.

See <<backpressure-persistent-queue>> for behavior when queue limits are
reached.

Calculating the queue size will vary depending on the use-case. As a general guiding
principle, you should consider the following formula to size your Persistent Queue.

-------

> Total Event Size per second = Input EPS * Original Event Size
> Total Received Per Hour = Total Event Size per Second * 3600s
> Tolerated Downtime = (Total Received Per Hour * Number of hours) * Multiplication Factor <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bytes Received Per Second = Incoming Events Per Second * Raw Event Byte Size
Bytes Received Per Hour = Bytes Received per Second * 3600s
Required Queue Capacity = (Bytes Received Per Hour * Tolerated Hours of Downtime) * Multiplication Factor <1>
```

Reviewer: `Required Queue Capacity` can also be "queue.max_bytes" as that would be a "call to action" to set the configuration option.

-------
<1> To start, you can set the `Multiplication Factor` to `1.10`, but for better accuracy, see below.

After Logstash receives an event, and before it is stored in the queue, it gets serialized.
This process results in added overhead to the event inside Logstash. This overhead depends
on the type and the size of the `Original Event Size`. As such, the `Multiplication Factor`
will change depending on your use case. The following tables show a few examples of the
overhead by the type of event, and the multiplication factor.

Raw string message
| Plaintext size (bytes) | Serialized logstash event size (bytes) | Overhead (bytes) | Overhead (%) | Multiplication Factor |

> | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
> | 11 | 213 | 202 | 1836% | 1836 |
> | 1212 | 1416 | 204 | 17% | 1.17 |

Reviewer: 11 * 19.4 = 213,4

Also added a third example with ~10KB message

```suggestion
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 11 | 213 | 202 | 1836% | 19.4 |
| 1212 | 1416 | 204 | 17% | 1.17 |
| 10240 | 10452 | 212 | 2% | 1.02 |
```

JSON document
| JSON document size (bytes) | Serialized logstash event size (bytes) | Overhead (bytes) | Overhead (%) | Multiplication Factor |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 947 | 1133 | 186 | 20% | 1.20 |
| 2707 | 3206 | 499 | 18% | 1.18 |
| 6751 | 7388 | 637 | 9% | 1.9 |
| 58901 | 59693 | 792 | 1% | 1.1 |

-----
EXAMPLE

> If Logstash receives 1000 EPS, and each event is 1kb (with 1.10 multiplication factor), then Logstash receives about 3.6gb every hour.
> So if Logstash needs to tolerate one of the downstream components being down for 12h, they need a Persistent Queue
> of about 50GB in size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's consider a Logstash instance that receives 1000 EPS and each event is 1KB, or 3.5GB every hour.
In order to tolerate a downstream component being unavailable for 12h without Logstash exerting back-pressure upstream, the Persistent Queue's `max_bytes` would have to be set to 3.6*12*1.10 = 47.25GB, or about 50GB.
```

See <<backpressure-persistent-queue>> for behavior when queue limits are
reached.

Calculating the queue size will vary depending on the use-case. As a general guiding
principle, you should consider the following formula to size your Persistent Queue.

[source,txt]
------
Bytes Received Per Second = Incoming Events Per Second * Raw Event Byte Size
Bytes Received Per Hour = Bytes Received per Second * 3600s
Required Queue Capacity = (Bytes Received Per Hour * Tolerated Hours of Downtime) * Multiplication Factor <1>
------

> <1> To start, you can set the `Multiplication Factor` to `1.10`, but for better accuracy, see below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> To start, you can set the `Multiplication Factor` to `1.10`, and then refine it for specific data types as indicated in the tables below. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[sizing-by-type]]
====== Queue size by data type

```

> After Logstash receives an event, and before it is stored in the queue, it gets serialized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{ls} serializes the events it receives before they are stored in the queue.
```

> This process results in added overhead to the event inside Logstash. This overhead depends
> on the type and the size of the `Original Event Size`. As such, the `Multiplication Factor`
> will change depending on your use case. The following tables show a few examples of the
> overhead by the type of event, and the multiplication factor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This process results in added overhead to the event inside {ls}. 
This overhead depends on the type and the size of the `Original Event Size`.
As such, the `Multiplication Factor` changes depending on your use case. 
These tables show examples of overhead by event type and how that affects the multiplication factor.
```

*Raw string message*
[cols="<h,<,<m,<m,<m",options="header",]
|=======================================================================

> | Plaintext size (bytes) | Serialized logstash event size (bytes) | Overhead (bytes) | Overhead (%) | Multiplication Factor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Plaintext size (bytes) | Serialized {ls} event size (bytes) | Overhead (bytes) | Overhead (%) | Multiplication Factor
```

| 11 | 213 | 202 | 1836% | 19.4
| 1212 | 1416 | 204 | 17% | 1.17
| 10240 | 10452 | 212 | 2% | 1.02
|=======================================================================

*JSON document*
[cols="<h,<,<m,<m,<m",options="header",]
|=======================================================================

> | JSON document size (bytes) | Serialized logstash event size (bytes) | Overhead (bytes) | Overhead (%) | Multiplication Factor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| JSON document size (bytes) | Serialized {ls} event size (bytes) | Overhead (bytes) | Overhead (%) | Multiplication Factor
```

| 947 | 1133 | 186 | 20% | 1.20
| 2707 | 3206 | 499 | 18% | 1.18
| 6751 | 7388 | 637 | 9% | 1.9
| 58901 | 59693 | 792 | 1% | 1.1
|=======================================================================

> *Example*
> Let's consider a Logstash instance that receives 1000 EPS and each event is 1KB,
> or 3.5GB every hour. In order to tolerate a downstream component being unavailable
> for 12h without Logstash exerting back-pressure upstream, the Persistent Queue's
> `max_bytes` would have to be set to 3.6*12*1.10 = 47.25GB, or about 50GB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Example*

Let's consider a {ls} instance that receives 1000 EPS and each event is 1KB,
or 3.5GB every hour. In order to tolerate a downstream component being unavailable
for 12h without {ls} exerting back-pressure upstream, the persistent queue's
`max_bytes` would have to be set to 3.6*12*1.10 = 47.25GB, or about 50GB.
```
